Fixed some typos and applied some of Richio's suggestions (#5)
denvrdata/denvrdemos: yara/README.md

  - [Conclusion](#conclusion)
  - [Links](#links)

In Denvr’s Aug 22nd, 2024 webinar, we showed how a **Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)** pipeline can customize a foundation **Large Language Models (LLMs)** without expensive fine-tuning jobs.
While this approach has several applications, we demonstrated building an AI assistant for onboarding new Denvr employees.
In this blog post, we’ll review some key concepts about RAG and dig deeper into how to deploy your stack on Denvr Cloud.

## Background

Over the past few years, tools like ChatGPT and Copilot have made LLMs a part of our daily lives, appearing in everything from email clients to code editors.
Despite their reach, LLMs still have notable limitations.
As probabilistic models trained on finite datasets, they exhibit the following weaknesses:

- **Overly General Responses** - Vague or non-specific answers due to broad training data.
- **Outdated Knowledge** - Training data is static, representing past information.
- **Lack of Verifiable Sources** - Responses lack citations, making it difficult to verify accuracy.
- **Hallucinations** - Occasionally generate plausible-sounding but incorrect or fabricated information.

> One way is through Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines which pairs LLMs with a search component and prompt engineering.

Author: ```suggestion
One mitigation strategy is Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines which pairs LLMs with a search component and prompt engineering.
```

### Docker

> Now that we have our NGC key and Denvr VM, we'll SSH it into our machine.

Author: ```suggestion
Now that we have our NGC key and Denvr VM, we'll SSH into our machine.
```
